This release was primarily focused on overall look and feel refinement and bug
fixes.  It also includes a preliminary Lightning Network implementation by 
matheusd.  Most of the other work was completed by vctt and a new member of the 
team, bgptr.  Many thanks to them for their hard work on this release.

## New features 

  - Initial LN Support has been added.  This includes the following functionality:
  dcrlnd startup/teardown, open/close channels, create invoices, send payments,
  enabled autopilot and show dcrlnd logs.  This initial support should give users
  a chance to experience the capabilities of LN while we can also collect user
  feedback about how to best improve their experience with documentation or help.
  To enable LN support, please set the new option "ln_enabled" to "true" in your
  config.json.

  - Window size responsiveness has been added to most of the pages to allow for
  graceful change from small, medium and large screen sizes.  When in "small"
  mode, the sidebar is moved to the bottom of the screen much like a mobile app.
  When in "medium" mode, the sidebar is collapsed shows only icons.  When in
  "large" mode, the sidebar is fully expanded and all the fields are fully shown.

## Other updates

  - Dark mode (tonality) has been updated to have a more thoughtfully compiled
  pallette of color combinations.  We can now start to develop other color modes
  if users show an interest in such a feature.

  - The launcher now has a daemon connection timeout detection.  Previously,
  the wallet would endlessly attempt to connect to the daemon, even if the
  daemon had some fatal error that it would never recover from.  This allows 
  the user to recover from such a situation more gracefully.

  - Update Politeia proposal fetching to reduce amount of data that is consistently
  requested.  Previously, every load of decrediton would cause an unnecessary 
  amount of data to be requested.

## Bug fixes

  - Fix pasting the hex version of the seed while restoring a wallet.

  - Fix incorrect balance reporting for data exports.

  - Fix advanced mode staring with an empty app data directory.

  - Fix revoked ticket and recent transactions icon.

  - Update lockedByTickets balance to accomodate dcrwallet balance updates staking.