This release is proud to include 2 major functionality improvements for staking
and privacy.  The past privacy improvements that were available for dcrwallet
are now implemented in decrediton for ticket purchasing and account mixing.  
Accountless VSP ticket purchasing has been added as well.  So no longer will
users have to add VSPs via API key.  

There have been numerous graphical improvements and bug fixes that will
hopefully lead to a smoother UX and reduce support questions and intervention.

I'd like to welcome our new additions to the decrediton team:

  * guilhermemntt
  * victorgcramos
  * amassarwi
  * bgptr
  * JoeGruffins
  * fguisso

## New features 

  * We have added a new menu item that covers Privacy and Security tools.  
  Users should go there to 'enable' privacy on their wallets.  This enabling
  process is not done automatically yet, mostly due to required user
  intervention with private passphrase entry to create needed mixed and unmixed 
  accounts.  Hopefully in the future we will add this step to the wallet
  launcher.  

  Once enabled, the privacy page will transform into an account mixer form that
  allows users to mix funds from the unmixed account into the mixed account.  To
  follow what dcrwallet is doing, there is a log window below.  In the future,
  we may add better messaging that will allow updates to the mixing process
  instead of just showing raw logs.

  Once privacy is enabled we have restricted external spending to the mixed
  account.  This is to ensure privacy is not broken by spending from any unmixed
  account.  Additionally, we have restricted address generation to the mixed account,
  since only funds that have been properly mixed should be allowed to end up
  there.  

  There is a checkbox that allows users to forgo the external spending
  restriction.  There is a dominant warning and users must confirm the risks
  they are imposing by spending from unmixed accounts.

  * The new accountless VSP ticket purchasing process has been added as well.
  Now there is no need to 'link' a VSP by API key.  Users may now simply go
  to the tickets page, select the VSP they'd like to use and the number of
  tickets to purchase.  If privacy is enabled, the process of purchasing a 
  ticket requires there to be a successful mix to occur. Mix sessions happen 
  every 20 minutes and participating in a single session is usually (though not 
  always) sufficient.  If successful, the mixed split ticket funding 
  transaction, the ticket, and the ticket's fee, should all be seen on the 
  overview.  But as you may notice, the ticket's fee is not yet broadcast onto 
  the network by the VSP until the ticket has been confirmed by 6 blocks.  If 
  any tickets have missing or errored fees, the user will be notified if they 
  try to close Decrediton.

  * Peer count is now shown on the side bar.  This should alleviate issues where
  people don't know why their transactions aren't getting mined.

## Other updates

  * Menu reorganization and optimization due to added tabs and tools.  Since
  we are quickly adding functionality we need to make sure the left-side sidebar
  menu is as efficient as possible without becoming bloated with items.
  Hopefully the current layout allows for more growth for tools and
  functionality.

  * A full refactor of components into functional components is now mostly
  complete.  This should now allow for more agile development moving forward.

  * An SPV indicator has been added to the sidebar.  Previously there
  was no way of understanding what mode the wallet was running in without
  looking at Settings page.

  * Unmined transactions are now able to be abandoned under transaction details.
  This should fix issues that people previously had unminable transactions
  "stuck" in their wallet.  If the network doesn't know about the transaction,
  then they should be able to be abandoned and the funds unreserved.
