This release of Decrediton marks the dawn of a large milestone in development. SPV (simple payment verification) has been added in dcrwallet which allows wallets to connect directly to peers and not required a fully synced node to be connected. For now this feature will be turned OFF by default, then when we have gotten thorough feedback and a confident in the usage, it will be turned on by default.

While it's hard to give details of speed increases due to variances in systems, we've seen roughly a 5x increase in syncing a previously used seed to tip on mainnet. Previously, syncing the chain would take roughly 1hr plus another 5-10 mins for the wallet to become synced. Now, we're seeing about 20mins total time to being able to fully use a wallet to send or purchase tickets.

In the coming releases, we are going to work on further speeding this process up, as well as providing more feedback from dcrwallet to Decrediton to make a richer user experience.

*Note: Automatic ticket purchasing has been disabled for SPV. We will be implementing a way to start and stop the new v2 ticketbuyer in dcrwallet. This new version is much simpler and really only has 1 option to set which would be an absolute balance to maintain. This new version will also allow users to run multiple ticket purchases for each account.

This release also has been audited by our design team at Eeter, LLC. Most of the pages have received an update to the styling to add more polish and be more resilient to various sizing and displays. In the near future, we will be focusing on color themes and window sizing for small, medium and large displays.

We are also proud to announce the intial release of the Politeia integration. While this functionality is still in beta-testing, what you see will be roughly the final form. Proposals up for vote will be shown and your possible tickets will be compared to the proposal's allowed tickets to vote. If there are tickets available to vote, you simply make your choice, enter your passphrase and your tickets are used to send the Politeia server your cryptographic proof of ownership.

## New Features

  - SPV integration - *Note: This integration is currently hidden from normal usage, if you would like to test it, please set "spv_mode": true, in your config.json file. With this new integration, there has been a new way of syncing that has been added. Now instead of needing to do all of the wallet loader processes in the proper order, one can simply call the SpvSync grpc and that will handle everything within dcrwallet. This will lead to much less errors and other headaches down the road. We have also added an "spv_connect": [], option in the config.json file, which will allow users to connect directly to a known peer instead of relying on the DNS seeders to find peers.

  - Whitelisting and Proxy - We have added new support to control the connections to domains that are used for various information. We have also added proxy support for those that choose to have the extra security. These were both necessary since the addition of Politeia wallet's communicating with the outside world. We felt the users should have full control over where the wallet is communicating. This support will be further improved upon in future releases and requests for things are made.

  - Initial Politeia Integration - *Note: This integration is currently hidden from normal usage, but can be accessed by setting "politeia_beta": true, in your config.json file. When activated the user is shown a new page on the side bar menu, reading "Governance." This will show them the Politeia information, of which is pulled from a request to the proposals site. They will be shown currently live and past votes.

  - Animated Onboarding Slides - All new animated slides were added. Big thanks for all the hard work from @kyleFirethought and everyone at Eeter! They really make the wallet shine.

## Other improvements

  - Launcher - The launcher UI was audited and has most of its issues smoothed out. There were some lingering issues and possible ways of users to get "stuck" while loading up their wallets.

  - Inputs and Errors - All inputs have been audited for consistency and proper input error states are now being used. We are very pleased with the look and feel of the input errors and believe they are not too intrusive for users while being very clear of what needs to be corrected.

  - Max Wallet Option - Users are now able to set the max wallets that are shown on the launcher screen. The default is currently set to 3. But keep in mind that it was styled assuming only 3 would be shown, so there may be some distortions as the number shown grows.

  - Refined About Modal - The additional window was removed in favor of a React modal. This allowed us to clean up the code and remove a redundant menu bar group.

  - Long Form Translations - Due issues translating large pieces of text that were split up into partial sentences, we are now keeping large sections of documentation that need to be translated together. This is for things like the onboarding slides and various informational modals.
