This decrediton release has been mostly dedicated to fixing nagging issues
with users and cleaning up styling and design overall.  We are also happy to
include new features such as: alpha Trezor support, initial alternative color themes,
enhanced Governance/Politeia integration and a prominent page to choose SPV or normal mode.

We are proud to introduce initial Trezor hardware wallet support.  This includes
the ability to create transactions in decrediton and then sign them with the
connected device.  We will be working hard to add staking on Trezor in the near
future.

Alternative color themes have been a constantly suggested feature since the
launch of decrediton. We have added an initial proof of concept for a dark theme
toggle.  The colors are not yet final and design will hopefully provide a series
of possible themes instead of simply light and dark.  

This release is the first to directly ask users on startup whether or not they 
would like to use SPV mode or not.  This will hopefully increase SPV usage and 
provide better/faster wallet support for most users.

## New features

  - Trezor integration has been added.  This allows users to essentially use 
  decrediton as watch-only wallet that is able to have its transactions signed
  directly by their Trezor device.  Staking isn't yet currently available, but
  we'll be looking in to adding that soon.  While we have tested and verified
  this initial Trezor integration, we will hold off on prominently advertising 
  this until we can fully confirm it is bug free and secure.  

  - Decrediton has switched to using the ticketbuyer v2 service from the wallet 
  (instead of the old v1). Given that after [DCP-0001](https://github.com/decred/dcps/blob/master/dcp-0001/dcp-0001.mediawiki) the 
  ticket price has been stable, there's no need for that many configuration 
  parameters anymore. Version 2 of the ticket buyer needs to be configured only 
  with the source account, target stakepool and how much balance should be left 
  spendable. The buyer will then purchase as many tickets as possible, while 
  maintaining that balance.
  
  - Launcher Sync Stream.  Now both modes (SPV/RPC) both use the same notification
  types to update during launching.  This helps with being able to allow dcrwallet
  to handle all of the syncing and simply just update on similiar notifications.
  Previously, there were situations that were causing issues since syncing steps
  would be done out of order.

  - All users will see a new page on first load that lets them select whether or
  not they would like to enable SPV mode.  We have also added a link to a newly
  created document explaining everything about [SPV](https://docs.decred.org/wallets/spv).

  - We have added an early proof of concept for color theme toggling.  The colors
  for the added dark theme are still being finalized by design, but the button
  can be found on the Settings page.

  - Whenever a panic is detected by decrediton in dcrd or dcrwallet, users are now
  sent to a seperate fatal error screen where they will be able to copy the logs
  to be able to provide them to the developers and support.  This will hopefully
  help users receive better direction to alleviate issues that are hitting.

  - Notifications have been completed restyled and fixed to allow for multiple
  simultaneous notifications.  There is now a prominent closer button and timer
  for automatic notification closing. 

## Other improvements

  - Eeter and kylefirethought have delivered a whole new set of animated menu icons.
  These can be seen when hovering over a given menu page tab.  

  - The Governance Page has received a large styling overhaul as provided by Eeter
  LLC.  Most importantly, notification bubbles have been added to let users
  know when there are new proposals and votes to see.

  - Various clean up and refinements to the launcher.  There were issues in SPV mode
  that were causing confusion about whether it was waiting to connect to a
  daemon to proceed or not.  Now it should always be clear to the user when they
  need to resolve something to proceed or if they should expect to wait for
  something to happen.

  - We have updated some error messages to better explain to users what the
  problem is and how it can be resolved.

  - Watch-only wallets are now able to create unsigned transactions that can be
  transferred to an unlocked wallet for signing and subsequent broadcasting.

  - Add an import script button to the Add Stakepool form.  There are some users
  that wish to simply import their script without having to communicate with any
  outside sources.

  - The min default relay fee was updated in dcrd a few releases ago and now the
  network has sufficiently upgraded to allow for wallet software to use 0.0001
  DCR/kB as the default.  Any transaction or ticket created in decrediton or 
  dcrwallet should now use that minimum fee from now on.

  - Change to use the documentation subsystem to add the release notes.  This will
  allow us to be more flexible when adding new release notes and letting users
  review older ones.

  - Add decrediton logs to the Logs tab underneath the Help page.

  - With the addition of `getblockchaininfo` json-rpc command in dcrd, we are
  now able to properly determine the progress of dcrd syncing.  This removes the
  need to use outside sources to figure out know the syncing progress.

  - Transactions are now decoded within decrediton instead of being sent back to 
  dcrwallet for decoding.  This should help with performance to avoid an
  unnecessary request.

  - Chinese language has been extensively reviewed by long time Asian community 
    contributor @Guang168

## Bug fixes

  - There were various issues with the display of recent staking transactions on
  the Overview and the My Tickets pages. 

  - Startup stats have been fixed to properly update and work better for large wallets 

  - The application About button in macOS now also opens the About modal.

  - CSV exporting now correctly generates timestamps in UTC or local time based 
    on app config (thanks to @rocknet for the first contribution).