This release of Decrediton includes numerous bug fixes and refinement across
all pages/tabs.


* We have overhauled the security of Decrediton so that we can
keep using electron in the future, with a decent amount of assurance that it's
safe and not prone to intrusion.  The overall gist of the work done could be
described simply as: layer/context isolation.  We reduced the total number of
dependencies as well as the access those dependencies may have to private 
information.  Users will be shown some new modals while confirming wallet 
seeds and confirming destination addresses.

* DCRDEX is now at 0.4.0 and considered to be fully integrated with Decrediton.  
Some extra work has been done to improve bitcoin config handling and overall
stability of new DEX account creation.  Users are now able to restore their DEX
accounts with a seed from their DCRDEX windows.  This should help users avoid 
paying fees to trading servers unnecessarily. There are a few remaining features
that will be added in the future (dcrwallet SPV and ETH support), but overall is 
feature complete in terms of decrediton pieces.

* We have begun to implement redesigns to some areas of decrediton.  The 
Governance and LN pages got full redesigns.  Changes were also made to the
confirm seed view screen.  There will be more of these redesigns implemented
in the near future: Settings and Launcher (wallet selection) coming up next!

* We have also added test coverage to all of the tabs on the Transactions page.
Ideally, as we increase test coverage we will avoid bugs caused by regressions or
oversight.

Lastly, we have begun the process of using our react component library: pi-ui.
Things like text inputs, paginators, toggles, radio buttons are now from pi-ui.
Centralizing these components should streamline the look and feel across many
Decred products (politeia, cms, decrediton).

## New features

* We have added a few new tools that will hopefully reduce the amount of support
  requests that are commonly issued.  First, when restoring a wallet from seed
  users are now given the option to 'disable coin type upgrades' which will
  allow older wallet (pre-2017) to be restored on the previous coin type.  We have
  also added a 'gap limit' setting when restoring, this should help avoid 
  address indexes being not correctly synced which could result in incorrect
  balances being shown.  Note: If the gap limit is changed on restore, then that
  gap limit will be used for that wallet from then on.

  For wallets that have already been restored that may have incorrect address
  indices, we have replaced the Gap Limit in settings with a 'discover usage'
  tool.  This will allow users to properly determine their address indices and
  balances.

* We have added the ability to revoke tickets while in SPV mode.  This seems
  to be a common request in support.  The new 'revoke ticket' button is found
  in the transaction details for any non-spent ticket.  Users will be presented
  with a confirmation modal that informs them of the risk of attempting to
  revoke before that confirm that the ticket is missed on dcrdata.  (They would
  have to Abandon the 'bad' revocation transaction and rescan.)

* We have decided to hide the legacy ticket purchase area.  We will wait until
  a later date to remove the components and code itself, but after 1.7.0 users
  will only be able to purchase private/acccount-less tickets.

## Bug Fixes

* Fix issues with the Sync VSP Tickets dropdown.

* Various fixes for Trezor wallets.

* VSPD ticket processing has been fixed and revamped.  A new status of 
  'confirmed' has been added.  This should reduce the number of misses that some
  users have encountered during the changeover from legacy ticket purchasing.

* Fix issue that caused large input transactions (eg PoW mining payouts) to crash
  decrediton.  These transactions caused large numbers of addresses to be
  validated within dcrwallet which lead to resource exhaustion.  

* Make sure that the unmixed account was unlocked when using the ticket
  autobuyer.  This could cause funds not to be spent during auto-buying.  We
  never had any reports of this, so unsure of the overall usage of autobuyer
  in general.

* Fix duplicate ticket transactions being shown in the Ticket History.  Each
  are now labeled appropriately (eg Vote, Voted, Revoke, Revoked)

* Add insufficient balance check for the account mixer.  Previously the mixer
  could be started even if there was no balance to mix.

## Code Contributors (alphabetical order)

* Alex Yocom-Piatt
* Amir Massarwa
* bgptr
* Degeri
* Guilherme Marques
* Jamie Holdstock
* Joe Gruffins
* Jonathan Chappelow
* Jonathan Zeppettini
* Matheus Degiovani
* Victor Oliveira
